Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
Duelist A: Hey!
Cameron CLIX: Some say photos
bring back memories of the past.
Mine do the opposite.
They bring forth the future.
kari: Look for the last time
yuma, do you know him or not?
his name is Cameron
clix, ring any bells?
YUMA: No...
no bells.
And he's big
into taking pictures.
I just know he's competing
in the duel carnival.
He's dangerous yuma, and
someone needs to stop him.
Hey, wait up!
You've hurt a lot
of people, Cameron.
I want to know why!
It's quite simple.
I do it to acquire
number cards.
Enough people have been
hurt by your dark ways.
It ends now!
Think about this
like a journalist.
After all, it could make
for a pretty good scoop.
Take this snapshot
I took earlier.
It's real headline news.
Tori!
Oh, do you know her?
Such a shame what happened.
Or what's about to.
I know statistically they say
flying is the safest way to
travel, but that's
not True today.
And for Tori,
I'm afraid that's some
seriously bad news indeed.
I'll figure out how
to save the airship.
You keep an eye on Cameron!
Alright, let's do this Cameron!
Let's duel!
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm taking your photo.
Here, this is what you have
to look forward to, yuma.
As you can see, victory is mine,
and so is your number card!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
face it, yuma.
There's nothing you can do.
Your future has been decided!
And in it you lose big time.
My photos don't lie!
Maybe, maybe not.
But still,
I'm seein' this duel through!
bye Bye damage.
First, I summon achacha Archer!
And when this Archer
hits the field,
you're automatically hit
with 500 points of damage!
Bullseye!
What a shot!
Yes quite a shot there, yuma.
But it's nothing compared to
the shot my camera took earlier.
You see, it's far more accurate
having predicted you'd play
achacha Archer and then place
the trap card Bye
Bye damage afterward.
check out the photo as proof!
No way!
ASTRAL: The effect of the Bye
bye DAMAGE TRAP card yuma has
in his hand keeps
a monster that he
has on his field from being
destroyed when attacked.
yuma would still take
damage as he normally would,
but Cameron would
then be dealt double damage.
It would have been
a great play But since
cameron somehow
saw it coming...
so? Just play it!
You know it's your only move!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
and If we cannot find a way to
stop Cameron's future Photos
from coming True, then that
may be yuma's last card!
Tori, can you hear me?
TORI: Kari, that you?
yeah, are you okay?
For now.
what's going on
inside the airship?
Panic!
It doesn't look good.
There's smoke everywhere,
people are frightened!
You just stay strong!
We're gonna get you outta this.
My turn...
draw!
Look out for that
cameraclops, yuma.
Since it is equipped
with telescopic lens,
it gains 400 points
for every card in
Cameron's hand. That is
3000 total attack points.
Which means if it attacks,
I'll take 1800 points of damage.
But, if I activate
Bye Bye damage,
I'd be able to deal
Cameron double for 3600 points!
yes, if Cameron does
not see it coming.
I think I'll play the spell
card night beam right about now!
Not good!
Not good for you,
but great for me because
I can pick one of your
facedowns and destroy it!
So, which card shall I choose?
I think I'll pick
the one on the...
right side!
That was Bye Bye DAMAGE!
Next I summon out
scandal snapper!
Unfortunately, since I now have
two fewer cards in my hand,
cameraclops loses 800
of its attack points.
But that's still
plenty to pack a punch.
Or in this case, a picture.
Cameraclops, attack
achacha Archer!
And now get ready for your close
up, because scandal snapper
attacks you directly!
But this isn't over yet.
Scandal snapper still has
its special ability!
See, it deals you damage, its
level revs up by 2, then it
switches from attack
mode to defense mode.
Next up, I'm activating
the spell card
xyz frame from my hand!
And that means on your next
turn, you're not allowed to
attack with a non-Xyz monster.
Talk about a
picture perfect move!
Oh, and speaking of pictures,
we've finally
reached the Fifth turn!
And as I showed you before,
it will be on that
fifth turn of yours,
that you'll summon
utopia and then
you'll lose in the sixth!
Controller A: Who are you?
Controller B: This
area is off-Limits!
Don't you know we're in
the middle of an emergency?
Of course I know that.
Why do you think I'm here?
Now tell me, which one of
you is calling the shots?
Boss: That's me.
Tell me everything you know.
It's bad.
The left engine has caught
fire and it's spreading fast!
to Make matters worse,
all the smoke has caused
the pilots to pass out!
So who's flying that thing?
Well, no one is I'm afraid.
So then what's the plan here?
My turn!
I draw!
Let me guess,
you drew gogogo giant!
And since that's the only
monster currently in your hand,
you'll summon it.
That'll allow you to
summon gogogo golem
from your graveyard!
At which point you'll have
two level 4 monsters and you'll
overlay them to summon utopia
as my photos foretold.
No way!
Go on yuma, play utopia.
It's your destiny!
Tori, what is it?
the right engine.
smoke's pouring
out of it as well!
Tori!
Don't worry, Tori.
I'm going to beat
Cameron and when I do,
everything he messed up
will go back to
how it should be!
Did you say 'Cameron'?
What does he
have to do with this?
Wait, you know him?
Yeah I ran into
him just today.
Why?
Tell me what's going on!
what's going on is he's the
one causing all this mayhem!
Well Not really him, but the
number that's taken hold of him.
He can create the
future with his photos.
And the futures that he's
created aren't the bright and
cheery kind,
they're all really bad!
I've seen what's happening now!
Cameron showed me the picture.
You're clutching a little
girl as we speak, am I right?
Yeah, you are!
I just can't believe the
guy who shot my portrait...
is now the guy who shot
the photo of my doom!
the doom of all
these poor people!
But, like you said,
maybe you can
reverse these things.
It's up to you, yuma!
I know it is,
and I promise
not to let you down!
then Perhaps yuma,
we should learn more on how
these photos are created.
Yeah!
And to get to
the bottom of that,
we'll need to learn
more about this number.
There's not much to tell.
This card enables me to make any
thought I have a reality simply
by thinking and snapping.
No way!
I always wanted to
make the front page.
So I would spend hours dreaming
up once-in-a-Lifetime shots.
Like the airship
bursting into flames.
But I was never in the
right place at the right time.
It seemed that was
the story of my life,
at least until that day.
What day?
The day my number card appeared.
Suddenly everything changed!
I remember it oh so clearly.
I was taking
Silly little photos.
Then, I saw it.
I approached it and
cautiously picked it up.
It felt like it was
supposed to be mine.
The card's power revealed
itself to me immediately.
And that's when I realized
that the story of my
life had been re-written!
With the supernatural power
this number card gave to me,
I arranged for those
once in a lifetime moments
to become realities.
And I can only imagine that
with each new number I acquire,
my power will grow!
Then it's like
I was saying before!
No one duels for the
right reasons anymore.
Well that all depends
what you believe
the right reasons are.
You see,
my number has also given me the
power to influence people's
perceptions of reality.
Well that ends here.
Then by all means,
just try and stop me.
But let's be honest,
you know you won't be
able to, after all,
you've seen the
picture yourself!
You've already lost!
You're wrong!
You don't determine my fate,
only I do!
You may have managed to trick
the other duelists into
believing they
don't have a choice,
but you won't trick me!
of Course, that is it!
and now I'm gonna prove it.
By taking you down right
here and now in this duel!
I summon out gogogo giant!
That's right,
just as I said.
And now go ahead and
activate its special ability.
I now play my giant's ability,
and bring back,
gogogo golem in defense mode!
And since I used
giant's ability,
it now switches to
defense mode, as well!
I'm set up perfectly
to summon utopia.
And if you do
Cameron's predictions
will have come to pass.
Remember what you said.
You determine your fate.
And only you.
Utopia is a powerful card but
what is even more
powerful is free will.
And you could use
that free will right now.
You could use it
to show Cameron
his future Photos
are not set in stone.
It is your choice, yuma.
But do choose well.
I do not have to remind
you what is at stake here.
Yes yes.
You only have one
move left to make!
Now,
play your Trump card.
Play utopia!
Do it now!
I don't think so!
Say what?
Your predictions for the future
are ending right here with me!
Yeah, that's right!
It's a new duel!
I'm gonna end my turn, Cameron.
And that means you're up!
No,
impossible!
Utopia!
You were supposed to play it!
See for yourself,
my pictures never lie.
First you'd summon gogogo
giant and golem, which you did.
Then you would summon
number 39: Utopia!
Then when it becomes my turn,
I would destroy utopia!
I'd win the duel and your
number card would become mine!
That's what's in the photos,
that's what's supposed to be!
Your photos don't
mean anything!
I might not know how you create
those future photos of yours,
but I do know I don't
have to do what they show!
So now, who knows
what's in store?
So let's go!
Cuz the only way we're gonna
find out is to keep on dueling!
Fine, yuma!
Here we go!
My draw!
First I summon this card,
here... it... comes!
Paparazzi pest!
Now I'll activate
its special ability!
I tribute paparazzi
pest to increase
cameraclops' level by 2.
I overlay level 6 cameraclops
and scandal snapper so that I
can build the overlay network!
I xyz summon, number 25...
force focus!
That thing's gigantic!
Now,
go force focus!
Destroy gogogo golem
with projection of pain!
Afraid your projections
are all wrong!
My golem can survive
an attack once Per turn!
Oh Yeah?
I activate force
Focus' ability!
With it, once per turn, force
focus uses an overlay unit to
negate your monster's
special ability!
But hold on, instead
of me telling you,
I'll let force
focus show you!
Oh Yeah!
Gogogo Golem is gone-Zo!
Let him laugh, now his photos
definitely will not come True.
Oh yeah!
Hey!
You do realize by
destroying golem,
I can't summon utopia
with Just gogogo giant!
Now I am certain
these future photos,
are not for real.
The only reason they worked
before was because Cameron was
so good at convincing
people they were.
Duelists thought
that they had no choice.
So they would subconsciously
behave in a manner that would
make the images come True.
It was a
self-Fulfilling prophecy!
But the truth is,
these images Cameron took were
all just one possible future.
That was the power
the number possessed.
Nothing more, nothing less!
The game is yours, yuma.
Now win this duel!
No way, these pics...
I know they're real!
They're the future!
The future has
changed, Cameron!
And now we're going
to change it some more!
Because One of those possible
futures you snapped did come
True, but it doesn't have to do
with me, it has to do with my
friend Tori!
That is right and our time is to
save her is running out, yuma!
Yeah!
Too bad! If you think that
I'm going to help you,
there's no way!
I'm gonna keep fighting
you until the very end!
Tori's done for, yuma!
Tori!
It's my draw!
Here we go!
First I summon overlay OWL!
Next I activate
overlay owl's ability!
With it, by paying
600 life points,
I can send one overlay
unit on your xyz monster
straight to the graveyard!
Not gonna happen.
I'll simply use an overlay
unit to negate your owl's
special ability!
Go ahead, your monster will be
out of overlay units either way!
No!
And that means,
you can't stop
me from doing this.
I overlay level 4 gogogo giant
and overlay owl!
And now that the overlay
network has been created,
I can xyz summon
number 39: Utopia!
At last, utopia!
The monster I've been
hoping Yuma would bring out!
The monster that
force focus will destroy...
On my next turn.
You're not gettin' one!
End this now, yuma!
That's the plan.
Gooooo!
Chaos Xyz exchange!
And Appear, chaos
number 39: Utopia ray!
What's happening?
Utopia Ray's special
ability is happenin'!
see, for every overlay unit I
use, it gains 500 attack points.
Go overlay charge!
Then your monster loses 1000
attack points for
each overlay unit!
No way. This isn't happening.
Oh it's happening alright,
and do ya know why?
Because the future we make for
ourselves is always stronger
than the future
someone predicts for us!
Now go, utopia ray!
End this with rising
SUN chaos slash!
Tori.
Kari?
Are you guys there?
I defeated Cameron.
Is everything okay?
Tori!
yuma!
Kari?
I don't know what's happening.
You may have defeated Cameron,
but the airship is still
in Big time trouble.
no, that can't be!
Look!
There's an unidentified aircraft
approaching the airship fast!
It came out of nowhere!
Is that...
tell me, what's going on!
Yuma, look to the sky!
Huh?
Kite?
No way!
Someone's taken
control of the ship!
And somehow they're
stabilizing the craft!
But the engines are blown.
Kite: Now orbital,
full power!
Orbital 7: You got it!
MOTHER: Thank goodness
you're okay.
Tori!
Yuma,
thank you for saving me!
I'd love to take credit but...
but there's your hero.
It's like I said, duelists are
part of one big family and today
Kite proved that.
Get real yuma.
I did this so the duel carnival
wouldn't be jeopardized.
See you in the finals
if you can make it there.
Oh I'll be there, Kite.
Cameron?
Really?
Still with the pictures?
Just habit I guess.
Look guys,
I'm sorry.
For everything that I did.
Will you ever be
able to forgive me?
Okay.
Yeah, I guess that
sinister number card's
the one to blame, not you.
Thanks yuma.
What's up?
You two look cute together.
Look.
Ya see, great photos don't
always need to be
filled with action.
You think...
It's great?
Sure do!
But the greatest
is yet to come!
The photo of me as the duel
carnival Supreme champion!
I doubt even Cameron is good
enough to fake that one, yuma.
What?
How dare you!
Who are you talking to, yuma?
Aw, if only I had a photo...